And I say in the Quran what its verses have brought, for He is the Generous One, the
Revealed. And I say, God, may His glory be exalted, and the Chosen One, the Guide, said, and I do
not
begin with "Praise be to God, Lord of the Worlds, to Him belongs good praise and
beautiful commendation." And I bear witness that there is no god but God
alone, He has no partner. He speaks the truth and He guides to the right
path. And I bear witness that Muhammad is His servant and Messenger, may God’s prayers and peace be upon him and his family and his
companions and those who follow
them in goodness until the Day of Judgment. Now then, God willing, Ali ibn Abi
Talib, may God be pleased
with him, Ali ibn Abi Talib ibn Abd al-Muttalib ibn Hashim ibn Abd Manaf, Ali ibn Talib ibn Abi Talib ibn Abd Manaf ibn Abd al-Muttalib, may God be pleased with him, followed by Ali ibn al-Hasan, the Quraysh,
the Hajar, may God be pleased with him, followed by Ali ibn al-Hasan,
Fatima bint Asad, our
Hashimite servant, Abi
Talib, Abi
Talib, meaning Asad, Hashim ibn Abd al-Muttalib
ibn Hashim ibn Abd
Manaf, meaning Abu
Talib, Ali ibn Talib,
Fatima, may God be pleased with her, was
from the
lineage of the Prophet, may God’s prayers and peace be upon him, on the authority of Murrah, on the authority of al-Bakht, on the authority of Ali. I
said,
Fatima bint Asad ibn Hashim ibn Abd Manaf, the Hashimite, the
Hashimite,
meaning, meaning, a
rounded extension, Ali, Ali  Fatima, the daughter of the Messenger of God, may God bless him and grant him peace, was sufficient for
providing water, and she was sufficient for
grinding
and kneading. Meaning,
Fatima was sufficient for providing water and
grinding. The gold indicates that she died
in Medina. [The following appears to be a series of unrelated phrases and sentences, possibly from a different source: "And
after that, it was
Sa'd. There was no name Ali loved more than
Abu Turab. Ali
was happy when he was called by it. So he said to him, '
Tell us about his story. Why was he called Abu
Turab?' Sa'd said, 'The
Messenger of God, may God bless him and grant him
peace, came to Fatima's house and did not find Ali in the
house. So he said, 'Your
uncle, and Ali, Talib, said, "There was
something between me and him, so my son..." A
little conflict between me and him,
meaning he became
angry and left. He did not say anything. May
God Almighty be pleased with him. May God
curse them.'
[Music] God be pleased with
Fatima, may God Almighty be
pleased with her, and may God Almighty be pleased with
Ali.
Fatima,
Ali, the elders of the tribe of
Jacob, Abu Bakr, God be pleased with
Abu Bakr, may God Almighty be pleased with him, Fatima,
meaning Fatima, Abu
Bakr, or
Ali ibn Abi Talib, Fatima, may God Almighty be pleased with her. There was something between me and him."]
Something
was hidden
from me, so he went out and did not say anything.
Why? Abu Bakr, may God be pleased with him, followed
[music]
from him.
Person:
Abu Bakr, where
was he? He got
no. Ali, Bani Tammah,
any. That's not
thee, not thee, that not thee. Take it.
Abu Bakr, may God be pleased with him, followed [music] from him. Abu Bakr, may God be pleased with him, followed [music] from him. Peace and blessings be
upon ... The
hadith: There is no obedience to a creature in disobedience to the
Creator.
God,
God. Abu
Bakr, may God be pleased with him, followed [music] from him.
Okay, but here [music] from Fatimah, may God be pleased with
her, view up
to the [music] was provided. Abu Bakr, may
God be pleased with him, followed [music] from him. And say, meaning the one who has evidence is to be
taken over the one who doesn't have the proof and evidence. Okay, but was
[music] from him, peace and blessings be upon him. It was a lie and a fabrication, and it means the day of the summit. God, Glory be to Him, followed [music] from him. Ali, Glory be to Him, followed [music] from him. He
went out and did not say anything. He
came and
said, "O Messenger of God, God is sleeping in the
mosque." Suddenly  The Messenger of God, may God bless
him and grant him peace, was lying on his bed
when a student's cloak fell off him, and he was
injured. So the
Messenger of God, may God bless him and grant him peace, made him
dust and said, "Get up, dust, get up, dust, son of
dust." This is according to
Imam Muslim, the hadith of Ibn al-
Zubayr: Ali embraced Islam when he was eight years old. Then, years later, Ali embraced Islam. Al-
Hasan ibn Zayd embraced Islam. Al-Hasan embraced Islam. Abd al-Abbas was the first to embrace Islam. The first to embrace Islam was Ali. Ali embraced Islam.
Muhammad al-Qard was the first to embrace Islam. Khadija embraced Islam. Muhammad al-Khadhi. And the first two men to embrace Islam were Abu Bakr and Ali.
And Abu Bakr was the first to openly declare Islam. And Ali was concealing Islam. He fled
from his
father until he met
Abu Talib.
Ali, meaning Abu Talib,
Ali embraced Islam.
Yes, Abu Talib said, "Support your cousin and
help him."
Ali was the standard-bearer of the Messenger of God, may God bless him and grant him peace, on
the day of Badr and in every
battle. Ali, may God bless him and grant him peace, the Everlasting, may God bless him and grant him peace, and
I will give the banner to a man who loves God and His Messenger, and whom God and His Messenger love, may God bless him and grant him peace.
God, God,
Umar, may God be pleased with him, said, "I did not love leadership
before that
day."
Meaning, he did not
love leadership before
The character of God and
His Messenger, God and
His Messenger, may God bless him and grant him peace, so Ali
paid him, so he paid him, this is us that was out in the presence of, great there, the propic out,
show
theat and position of Ali, may God bless him and grant him peace, Zaydan, Arqam,
that the Prophet, may God bless him and grant him peace,
said, "Whoever I am
his master, anyone who I am his master, Ali is al-
Ahmad, Musnad of Imam al-
Nasa'i, al-Mustadrak, may God bless him and grant him peace,
hadith of Imam al-Tarma' Ali,
Talib, that it is a covenant of the Prophet, may God bless him and grant him peace, to me, that it is a covenant of the Prophet, may God bless him and grant him peace, to me, that he is the one who
judges and does not seek
except the one who is in conflict, may God bless him and grant him peace, Ali, Ali, Ali, al-
Bakht, on the authority of Ali, he said, "The Prophet, may God bless him and grant him peace, sent me
to
Yemen, and I was
young and had no knowledge of
judging, so he struck my
chest, '
Go, for God will guide your heart and make your tongue firm, Ali,' and I did
not doubt in
judging, meaning,
I am alive, Sahih
Ibn Asq,
Omar, Omar Ali
[music]
judge, the best
judge,
we were
talking that the most decisive judge of the people of Medina was Ali, may God bless him and grant him peace, may
God be pleased with him,
Omar, I seek refuge in God
from a
problem that is not for  Abu al-Hasan is not for Abu Hasan
Ali,
meaning may God be pleased with him. He said, "If a trustworthy person
tells us a fatwa on the authority of Ali, we do not go beyond it." He said, "So, to
go beyond it." Therefore, he
said, "It was mentioned to Aisha." He said, "On the authority of
Aisha,
Aisha said, 'Ali said, "He is more knowledgeable
than the
rest of us." He said, "
You are the most knowledgeable of the companions of the Messenger of God, may God bless him and grant him peace, up
to Umar, Ali, and Abdullah." He said, "Abdullah, Masoud, Marouq." He said, "On him, and Umar, we are speaking to
Ali ibn Abi Talib." He said, "Abdullah ibn Masoud,
Abdullah ibn
Masoud, Muhammad, Mansour, al-Tawi, Ahmad, Muhammad, what was reported for
anyone, what was reported for anyone among the companions of the Messenger of
God, may God bless him and grant him peace, of virtues, what was
reported for Ali, may God be pleased with
him." He said, "Mahmoud, Muhammad ibn Mansour, al-
Tawi, Ahmad ibn, may
God bless him and grant him peace, Ali ibn Abi
Talib, Ali,
one of them, he
went out from the palace
to the middle of the
shin." He said, "He went
to the shin, and on him was a loincloth to the middle of the shin and a cloak with a sleeve, and
with him was a
whip with which he walked in the
markets. He commanded them to fear God and to do good
business." God is blessed.  And God Almighty,
God Almighty, the good people, the ascetics,
Omar bin Abdul Aziz, may God have mercy on him, said: The most
ascetic of people in this
world is
Ali, Ali bin Abi Talib, the son of
Abdul Rahman, the son of Ali. Whoever wants to be fair to
people with himself will succeed. He loves to be fair. Pray for Ali, the son of ...  He
fed
him, and he said, "
If you
remain, you will be
killed, and do
not transgress. He does not love the one who is
over
over father,
meaning
Ali, meaning
Abu Bakr. Live, uncle, do not spread the Kharijites. Indeed, we belong to Allah, and indeed, to Him we will
return. Kharijites
killed Ali, may Allah be pleased with him, and he was
58 years old. He lived 63
years.
63 years.
The affection is for the
long stay.
Will
be
life. I just from series.
Give Satan. Glory be to Allah.
The meat. I bear witness that there is no god but Allah.
And
ex
p every single week a beginning class, intermediate class, and an advanced class,
which is taught in Arabic. If you want to
find out more details, interested in
joining, head over to patreon.com